Let's make sure we've got an index root of sorts that shows the user a list of all the different orders
that belong to them.
So back inside my editor, I'm going to find my pages directory.
Inside there is orders.
And inside of that I'm going to make a new file of index JS.
So if we now go to just slash orders, it's going to show the component that we export from this index
JS file.
At the very top.
Let's make an order.
Index component.
And for right now, just return it live.
It says order index.
I will export default order index.
And then let's define a get initial prop function.
This is where we're going to fetch our initial list of orders.
The order index.
Get initial props.
This function will be called with a context, argument and client.
We don't really care about context in this case.
We really just care about the client.
We want to make a request to our order service and get the list of orders.
We'll get some data from await Lionsgate API.
Porter's.
All, then return an object with orders that references that data.
Now, before we test this out, we should probably go take a little quick peek at our order service
and make sure that it only returns orders related to the user who is making the request.
So back inside of my order service, I'm going to take a look at my routes directory and find index
dots inside there.
And it looks like, yep, we definitely filter by the user ID or the person who is making the request.
Now back inside to the index case file.
We can receive that list of orders as a prop into order index.
And then maybe rather than returning the live right here that we just put together, maybe we should
just return some kind of UL with the list of allies inside of it that just list out all the different
orders and their status.
So I'm going to go ahead and just delete that div right there.
Sorry for making you write it.
Even though we just deleted it.
I'm going to place a UL.
And inside they're going to place some curly braces.
I'm going to map over my list of orders.
And for every order, I'm going to render an ally that displays maybe the title of the ticket that is
associated with this order and the order status as well.
So orders a map and for every order.
I'm going to return an ally.
I'll place the key prop on that lie.
The ID will be my key.
And then inside of the lie itself, I'm going to print out the order ticket title.
And then a little dash, and then I'll print out the status of the order.
So order status.
Let's save this and see what it looks like.
So I'm going to refresh the page while I'm at orders and there is our list.
So it looks like I've had many attempts to purchase that first client ticket and then eventually I completed
one.
So that is my order right there that has been completed.
I own that ticket.
And then finally, between the last video and this one, I tried to create an order for the other ticket
I created and I let it time out as well.
And so it got marked as canceled.
Cool.
Well, the very last thing that I would like to do is to make sure that after we successfully purchase
a ticket.
So in other words, we provide a payment for an order.
I would like to redirect the user over to this big list of orders.
It should be pretty straightforward.
So let's just do it right now.
I'm going to go back over to our page.
Or order show.
So inside the orders folder, I'll find the order ID file.
That is our order show component.
So rather than doing a console log of the payment that we got back, let's instead redirect the user
over to the big list of orders and they should hopefully see that the order they had just been that
they had just created gets marked as complete.
To redirect the user.
We're going to again import router from next router at the top.
And then instead of doing that console log of the payment, I don't really need that payment argument.
Or the console.log.
I'm going to replace it with router.
Push to slash orders.
Yet.
Let's now try to purchase another ticket.
And after we purchase the ticket, we should be redirected back over to the list of orders.
I'm going to go back to my main landing page.
So here's the ticket I want to buy.
If you do not have a ticket at this point, just go ahead and create one really quickly.
So I'm going to view that ticket.
I'll purchase it.
I'm going to pay with my credit card.
And remember, our magic credit card number is four two, four, two, four, two.
Put in my date the security code and pay.
So now I should be automatically redirected back over to my big list of orders and there is my completed
order right there.
And so that ticket, in theory, belongs to me.
And that's pretty much it.
Well, I know that the styling on this application is not great at all, and some of the screens are
just plain confusing, like this screen right here kind of unclear what is going on.
But I'm going to leave improvements to the styling and changing some of the mechanics around this up
to you, because really there are an infinite number of ways that we could further develop this application.
The other thing I want to mention is that when a user purchases a ticket, we don't really have any
information or anything like that being exposed to the user.
There's not really like a ticket that they really receive and the email or anything like that.
We're solely saying that once the order has been paid for, that's it.
The order or the ticket now belongs to that user and that's kind of the end of the entire workflow.
It's a little bit not that great.
We could have gone a little bit further in developing that.
But again, these are some things I'm going to leave up to you so you can add on maybe an additional
service, maybe some additional features or something like that and expand out this application.
So we're going to call the front end pretty much good for right here.
We're going to take a pause right here.
Continue in just a minute.
And we're going to start to take a look at adding in some test automation and deployment options for
our application.